c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\centerDot.xnb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ghost.xnb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\pacman.xnb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteSheet.xnb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tileset.xnb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\wall.xnb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Packman.exe
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Packman.pdb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.exe
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.pdb
M:\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.exe
M:\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.pdb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\centerDot.xnb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ghost.xnb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\pacman.xnb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteSheet.xnb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tileset.xnb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\wall.xnb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Packman.exe
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Packman.pdb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
M:\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\spritefont.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\centerDot.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ghost.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\pacman.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteSheet.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tileset.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\wall.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\spritefont.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Packman.exe
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Packman.pdb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
D:\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.exe
D:\Packman\Packman\obj\x86\Debug\Packman.pdb
M:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Pacman_SM.xnb
D:\Packman\Packman\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Pacman_SM.xnb
